List of IDEs
1.Microsoft Visual Studio - Microsoft Visual Studio is an integrated development environment (IDE) from Microsoft.It is used to develop console and graphical user interface applications, Windows Forms or WPF applications, web sites, web applications, web services, and also Windows Store apps in both native code together with managed code for all platforms supported by Microsoft Windows, Windows Mobile, Windows CE, .NET Framework, .NET Compact Framework and Microsoft Silverlight.Visual Studio supports different programming languages. Built-in languages include C/C++[5] (via Visual C++), VB.NET (via Visual Basic .NET), C# (via Visual C#), and F# (as of Visual Studio 2010).
2.Eclipse - A Java-based open source platform that allows a software to create a customized development environment from plug-in components.In the enterprise, a major advantage to an open source development platform is that it allows an IT department to mix and match development tools rather than being committed to a single vendor's suite of development products. Although the Eclipse Platform is written in Java, it supports plug-ins that allow developers to develop and test code written in other languages.
3.Komodo - Multi-language IDE with support for Python 2.x and Python 3.It offers many integrated tools.Open Komodo uses the Mozilla code base, along with Scintilla, and the two products share many features and support the same languages (including Python, Perl, PHP, Ruby, Tcl, SQL, Smarty, CSS, HTML and XML) and computer platforms (Linux, Mac OS X, and Windows).
4.Python - Python is a widely used general-purpose, high-level programming language. Its design philosophy emphasizes code readability, and its syntax allows programmers to express concepts in fewer lines of code than would be possible in languages such as C++ or Java. The language provides constructs intended to enable clear programs on both a small and large scale.Python supports multiple programming paradigms, including object-oriented, imperative and functional programming or procedural styles. It features a dynamic type system and automatic memory management and has a large and comprehensive standard library.
5.JDeveloper - JDeveloper is a freeware IDE supplied by Oracle Corporation. It offers features for development in Java, XML, SQL and PL/SQL, HTML, JavaScript, BPEL and PHP. JDeveloper covers the full development lifecycle from design through coding, debugging, optimization and profiling to deploying.

Sources:https://en.wikipedia.org, http://searchsoa.techtarget.com, https://wiki.python.org